feat:[CDS-92800]: fix snow create/update doc (#5622)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/x-platform-cd-features/cd-steps/ticketing-systems/create-service-now-tickets-in-cd-stages.md

Select **Create From Form Template** to create a ticket by using an existing form template in your ServiceNow integration.

> In **Template Name**, you can enter the name of an existing template, select from the list of existing templates displayed when you click the field, or provide an expression. You can also search templates you need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In **Template Name**, you can enter the name of an existing template, select from the list of existing templates displayed when you select the field, or provide an expression. You can also search the templates you need.
```

> In **Template Name**, you can either enter the name of an existing template, select from the list of existing templates that is displayed when you click the field, or provide an expression. You can also search for the templates you need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In **Template Name**, you can enter the name of an existing template and a list of existing template names appear. You can either select an existing template from the list, or provide an expression. You can also search for the templates you need.
```

Author: @roshnisarangadharan here it is written this way because manual inputs are also allowed

:::note
Existing templates are listed and can be searched only if the feature flag `CDS_GET_SERVICENOW_STANDARD_TEMPLATE` is enabled. To enable the feature flag, contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io).

> The searching of form templates requires:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you have met the following requirements for form templates:
```

> Make sure you have met the following requirements for form templates:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you have met the following requirements for searching form templates:
```

> - This feature requires Harness Delegate version 82400 or later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Harness Delegate version 82400 or later.
```

> - Atleast `1.0.2` version of the Integration for Harness Software Delivery Platform app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Integration for Harness Software Delivery Platform app version 1.0.2 or later.
```

Select **Create From Form Template** to create a ticket by using an existing form template in your ServiceNow integration.

In **Template Name**, you can enter the name of an existing template, select from the list of existing templates displayed when you click the field, or provide an expression. You can also search templates you need.

:::note
Existing templates are listed and can be searched only if the feature flag `CDS_GET_SERVICENOW_STANDARD_TEMPLATE` is enabled. To enable the feature flag, contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io).

> Make sure you have met the following requirements for form templates:

Author: Only `search` requires delegate version, rest the listing and manual entry works without them as well. Please consider reverting

## Create from Standard Template

:::note
This feature is behind the feature flag `CDS_GET_SERVICENOW_STANDARD_TEMPLATE`. To enable this feature, contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io).

This feature requires Harness Delegate version 81200 or later
:::

This option appears only when the value type in the **Ticket Type** field is **Fixed value**, and the ServiceNow ticket type specified is *Change Request*. This feature can be used to create low-risk standard change requests using pre-approved standard templates.

Select **Create From Standard Template** to create a ticket by using an existing standard template in your ServiceNow integration.

> In **Template Name**, you can enter the name of an existing template, select from the list of existing templates displayed when you click the field, or provide an expression. You can also search templates you need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In **Template Name**, you can enter the name of an existing template, select from the list of existing templates displayed when you select the field, or provide an expression. You can also search the templates you need.
```

> In **Template Name**, you can either enter the name of an existing template, select from the list of existing templates that is displayed when you click the field, or provide an expression. You can also search for the templates you need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In **Template Name**, you can enter the name of an existing template, select from the list of existing templates displayed when you click the field, or provide an expression. You can also search templates you need.
```

If there are many templates with the same name, the most current one is used to create tickets. Select **Apply Changes**.

> Your ServiceNow ticket is now added to your pipeline. After standard template is loaded, fields are marked editable based on `Standard Change Properties` if `change_manager` role is present with the integration user. Else, the properties can't be fetched and fields are made read-only as per default settings in the ServiceNow documentation. 

Reviewer: Please add a link to the ServiceNow documentation.

> Your ServiceNow ticket is now added to your pipeline. After standard template is loaded, fields are marked editable based on `Standard Change Properties` if `change_manager` role is present with the integration user. Else, the properties can't be fetched and fields are made read-only as per default settings in ServiceNow documentation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your ServiceNow ticket is now added to your pipeline. After standard template is loaded, fields are marked editable based on `Standard Change Properties` if `change_manager` role is present with the integration user. Else, the properties can't be fetched and fields are made read-only as per default settings in the ServiceNow documentation. 
```
